---
title: 87trees
date: 2015-05-08
catalog_nr: HSH005
---

# 87trees
by 
Various Artists

## Playlist

1. Bustle Frog - I had It
2. ill Figure - Power to the Monkeys
3. MFK - Antitheater
4. Rob Chop The Vinylator - Sonic truth (Reprise)
5. Rob Chop The Vinylator - Flying hiatus
6. nick nick 2'2 - Breaks n violines
7. Bustle Frog - My tribe is gonna get you
8. Arem - Home 1
9. DJ Okay - Tree me free
10. Ra Pius - Zelle
11. Justus' Felix - Sie trinken viel Bier
12. Knut Butter - Whisky und der Knüttel
13. Burglar - Lonely bench man
14. Bustle Frog - Dawn hunt
15. nick nick 2'2 - Drop it
16. Rob Chop The Vinylator - Krae Z.
17. Ra Pius - Gritty git
18. Ra Pius - Orgelrohr
19. Rob Chop The Vinylator - The grooviest
20. DJ Okay - Eightyseven dreams (spring in the wood)
21. DJ Okay - Trees in a wood
22. Rob Chop The Vinylator - Pit
23. Funk Bastard - I believe the records
24. dl.orion - Shadows of love
25. nick nick 2'2 - Osmose
26. Samplix - Change
27. Khaderbai - Panopsy part une et deux
28. nick nick 2'2 - Traum
29. Tinu - Autumleaves
30. Arem - Home 2
31. Flowrian - A little bit of experience
32. Ra Pius - Pi im All
33. Rob Chop The Vinylator - Leaving in the wind
34. SaiGon - 2xDЄДDЪEEҒ
35. Burglar - Chop Suey
36. Burglar - Staggin n swervin
37. Rob Chop The Vinylator - Skizzo
38. Burglar - Hi! My name is Ray Boom
39. Rob Chop The Vinylator - Hey Man
40. DRWN. - NumberSeven
41. Bustle Frog - Silver wolfs path
42. Bustle Frog - Sax on the phone
43. Tinu - Weird
44. DJO - Edgar$23
45. Arem - Home 3
46. nick nick 2'2 - Shroom
47. ill Figure - Immutable
48. Ra Pius - Pi im All part II
49. Bustle n Altega - Routines
50. nick nick 2'2 - Jump nu day
51. Tinu - OMG
52. Arem - Home 4
53. Bustle Frog - Verbraucht
54. Rob Chop The Vinylator - Blank
55. Funk Bastard - What else you can do with it
56. Tinu - Like You
57. Lino - 7 and some late 80ies
58. Flowrian - Into the abyss
59. Bustle Frog - who's the creep...
60. nick nick 2'2 - Outro (soon there's sun)

## Links

* [Discogs](https://www.discogs.com/Home-Street-Home-87trees/release/6990537)
